Update troubleshoot.md (#24278)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/grpc/troubleshoot.md

The `System.Net.Http.SocketsHttpHandler.Http2UnencryptedSupport` switch is only required for .NET Core 3.x. It does nothing in .NET 5 and isn't required.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > gRPC services called without TLS must be hosted on a HTTP/2 only port. For more information, see [ASP.NET Core protocol negotiation](xref:grpc/aspnetcore#protocol-negotiation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> gRPC services called without TLS must be hosted on a HTTP/2-only port. For more information, see [ASP.NET Core protocol negotiation](xref:grpc/aspnetcore#protocol-negotiation).
```

> > gRPC services called without TLS must be hosted on a HTTP/2-only port. For more information, see [ASP.NET Core protocol negotiation](xref:grpc/aspnetcore#protocol-negotiation).

Author: ```suggestion
> Insecure gRPC services must be hosted on a HTTP/2-only port. For more information, see [ASP.NET Core protocol negotiation](xref:grpc/aspnetcore#protocol-negotiation).
```
